doc(security): network policy setup guide (#1404)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.12.1/important-notes/_index.md

## Networking

### Internal Network Policies

> Longhorn v{{< current-version >}} enables `networkPolicies.restrictInternalTraffic` by default. It protects inbound access to internal component endpoints and RPCs, including the instance-manager gRPC endpoint used for engine control. For policy details, see [Network Policy](../advanced-resources/security/network-policy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Longhorn v{{< current-version >}} enables network policy by default. It protects inbound access to internal component endpoints and RPCs, including the instance-manager gRPC endpoint used for engine control. For more details, see [Network Policy](../advanced-resources/security/network-policy).
```

Reviewer: Applied to v1.13.0 important note as well because some users might directly upgrade from v1.12.0 to v1.13.0.

For Helm installations, opt out by explicitly setting `networkPolicies.restrictInternalTraffic=false` in the values file or passing `--set networkPolicies.restrictInternalTraffic=false` when running or retrying `helm upgrade`. Use `--reuse-values` with `helm upgrade` when appropriate to retain previous release settings. Keep this separate from `networkPolicies.enabled`, which controls only the UI frontend policy. See the [Helm upgrade documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_upgrade/) for command behavior.

> After a successful upgrade with `networkPolicies.restrictInternalTraffic=false`, the six internal NetworkPolicy templates are rendered out and policies owned by the Helm release are removed. Preview the rendered output with `helm upgrade --dry-run` or `helm template`; do not add `--reuse-values` to `helm template`. If installed, `helm diff` can optionally compare the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a successful upgrade with `networkPolicies.restrictInternalTraffic=false`, the six internal NetworkPolicy templates render nothing (they are excluded from the output), and policies owned by the Helm release are removed. Preview the rendered output with `helm upgrade --dry-run` or `helm template`; do not add `--reuse-values` to `helm template`. If installed, `helm diff` can optionally compare the changes.
```
